README.md, before:

# Overview
The image-validating-webhook project is the implementation of validating admission webhook in k8s to validate an image is signed when a pod is creating.

## Install
1. On your local machine, clone this repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/tmax-cloud/image-validating-webhook.git
cd image-validating-webhook
```

2. Execute install.sh
   ```bash
   bash install.sh
   ```

   If your docker needs sudo, execute install.sh with sudo
   ```
   sudo bash install.sh
   ```

## Usage
1. for administrator of cluster :
   - If you want to except some images or namespaces from validation, add it to white list config map named `image-validation-webhook-whitelist` in `registry-system` namespace.
   - In the configmap, there're two json data: whitelist-image.json, whitelist-namespace.json. Add an image's name to whitelist-image.json or a namespace's name to whitelist-namespace.json. `CAUTION`: You MUST FOLLOW the exact json format
2. for user :
   - Default policy of image-validation-webhook is blocking pod creation which use UNSIGNED image.
   - You can only allow some images which is signed by specific signers: Use CRD named SignerPolicy: Sample is
      ```yaml
      apiVersion: tmax.io/v1
      kind: SignerPolicy
      metadata:
      name: sample-policy
      namespace: some-namespace
      spec:
      signers:
         - signer-a
      ```
   - SignerPolicy is a namespaced scope resource and you can add the valid signers to `signers` list
   - If there're multiple SignerPolicys in the same namespace, the `signers` list will be merged.

## Uninstall
1. Execute uninstall.sh
   ```bash
   bash uninstall.sh
   ```

Commit message:

[fix] Check whitelisted images more precisely
close #21
- Parse whitelisted images as image references first and compare host by
  host, name by name, tag by tag, and digest by digest with given image
  uri.
- Update document for using whitelists

README.md, after:

# Overview
The image-validating-webhook project is the implementation of validating admission webhook in k8s to validate an image is signed when a pod is creating.

## Install
1. On your local machine, clone this repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/tmax-cloud/image-validating-webhook.git
cd image-validating-webhook
```

2. Execute install.sh
   ```bash
   bash install.sh
   ```

   If your docker needs sudo, execute install.sh with sudo
   ```
   sudo bash install.sh
   ```

## Usage
1. for administrator of cluster :
   - If you want to except some images or namespaces from validation, add it to white list config map named `image-validation-webhook-whitelist` in `registry-system` namespace.
   - In the configmap, there're two json data: `whitelist-images`, `whitelist-namespaces`. Add an image's name to `whitelist-images` or a namespace's name to `whitelist-namespaces`. (Refer to the [example](./deploy/whitelist-configmap.yaml))  
     `CAUTION`: Multiple whitelist entries must be separated by a newline(\n)
   - For `whitelist-images`, wildcard for image name is supported.  
     e.g., if `whitelist-image` contains `registry-example.com/*`, then `registry-example.com/image-1` `registry-example.com/image-2` are treated as whitelisted.
   - For `whitelist-images`, host, tag, digest can be omitted. They will be treated as a wildcard.  
     e.g., `registry` in `whitelist-images` will treat `registry-1.com/registry:tag1` and `registry-2.com/registry:tag2` as whitelisted.
2. for user :
   - Default policy of image-validation-webhook is blocking pod creation which use UNSIGNED image.
   - You can only allow some images which is signed by specific signers: Use CRD named SignerPolicy: Sample is
      ```yaml
      apiVersion: tmax.io/v1
      kind: SignerPolicy
      metadata:
        name: sample-policy
        namespace: some-namespace
      spec:
        signers:
         - signer-a
      ```
   - SignerPolicy is a namespaced scope resource and you can add the valid signers to `signers` list
   - If there're multiple SignerPolicys in the same namespace, the `signers` list will be merged.

## Uninstall
1. Execute uninstall.sh
   ```bash
   bash uninstall.sh
   ```
